10/11/17
Trevor Troxel
Reflection #1
CS171

There are several different groups of people that could be considered marginalized in the technological world, such the elderly, third world countries, minorities, woman, and other groups like that. One of the biggest groups that are marginalized and that could help the most when it comes to future tech evolution is the elderly. I understand that there are plenty of older people in the computer science branch, but there are even more that are not in the work, so there are in plenty of people to come and help. Why are the elderly marginalized when it comes to the tech world? It’s because the elderly are not thought of people that are really caught up with the “times” and rely on the younger generation to come and fix their emails, see how to turn on the computer, and to answer there call on their phone, and other things like that. For the most part this is true, but that’s just it, it wasn’t designed for them, it was designed for the younger generation such as myself and anyone that understands tech, but that’s just the thing. 

Elderly people have lived for a long time, so they have lived a simpler life than us, and that’s the opposite of where tech is going. As the tech gets faster and better, it’s also becomes more and more complicated for people to use, to the point that only the people who built it know how to use it. The elderly know how simple things can and are, but us more “advanced” generation needs to make things overly complicated because we think it needs to be this way. One of the ideas the elderly could tell us ways that things that we make could make simpler. Now I understand that some things are as simple as they can be and yet are still overly complicated, but that doesn’t mean that there are things that we can’t make simpler. They can tell us how things should be made to use.

Let’s take the newest iPhone that apple has released for an example, with the new facial recognition software instead of the just the simple home button. The elderly would most likely get confused with how this kind of things works because this kind of things they never even thought about, but for us we understand how it works because of our pop culture and understanding of tech. Now truly ask yourself, do we really need facial recognition because it’s the “way of the future”, or is this another pitch to sell us the newest and latest phone? Elderly people can barely use an iPad, I know because my grandma has one and she always needs help using it, so what good is having a facial recognition? If we want better security, then we need better safe guards in the first place, but that’s not my point. My point is that the elderly may not know how to build or even use something like an iPhone, but they can help us on a design standpoint and try to make things simple again.
